# The story of Infinity Hotel

Frank owns Infinity Hotel, a six floor rest spot and tourist attraction somewhere in Infinite City. This is a hot spot so the rooms are always booked, and Frank fears he'll start getting complaints if he can't get everyone a room. He sits down in the Infinity Hotel office and thinks, "I need infinite floors so I can have room for everybody". So he builds up the hotel till it touches the sky and beyond, forever. "Now that my hotel has infinite floors", he says, "I wont get any more complaints." But he did. The rooms were constantly full and he was getting anxious. He frantically began to build an infinite hall filled with inifinite rooms on each of the floors. "Alas", filled with joy he shouts "now there is room for all of you!" But there wasn't. 

So Frank began to build and he decided he needed more halls to hold more rooms each floor, so it looked like an infinite grid of rooms. Since he had infinite guests to attend he decided he would just keep building. He built a basement that went down infinite levels, he built floors inside of floors, and rooms inside of rooms and finally he realized there were no more infinities left. But he was wrong. Frank got complaints from the small people of Infinity City that the counters were too high and the beds were too big, so Frank got to building. He built infinite rooms that shrunk down infinitely small so that even the tiniest guest could rest, and infinite rooms that stretched infinitely tall to fit the grandest, alas, all his people could fit. But he was wrong.

Having infinite infities that go ininitely small, large, long, and wide was great, but there was still not enough rooms. He thought long and hard and came to the conclusion that his guests liked his hotel so much that they would never leave! He decided that every hour he will cycle the guests in every room. But complaints continued to roll in as the larger guests had issue that the smaller guests were given more time just because their concept of time was a lot slower. So he decided that he needed a way to have everyone rotate every percieved hour, so now every room would kick out their person after their relative hour, and the schedules were cut infinitely small.

"What an attraction!" Frank was content, and all of his guests were happy. But Infinity Hotel's name got out and people from other cities began to visit. There were too many and Frank couldn't do anything about the inflow of people, so he sat back at his desk in Infinity Hotel and thought. "If only I could have a hotel for each visiting city", was what he thought before jumping from his desk calling the construction company.

"I want a hotel on every block of this street", he said, "and all the other streets too." So Infinity Hotel spread into Infinite Infinity Hotels as each cross street was infinitely long. It wasn't enough, so he fit an infinite amount more hotels inside of each block. By this time Frank had finally realized that there is no end to infinity so he dedicated all his time into discovering more infinity. So in an indefinite amount of time he built an infinite amount of cities full of infinite Infinity Hotels, that spread far and wide accross planet Infinity; he built under ground and in space, on the mountains, and throughout the planet, but it still wasn't enough. So he inhabited all the planets in his solar system and built an infinite amount more planets to fit inside the solar system, he even made solar systems around other planets infinitely small. He reached out and built in other solar systems and created an infinite amount of solar systems infinitely small and wide. He built in every galaxy and created infinitely small and wide galaxies among each other until the entire universe was full of more than infinite Infinity Hotels.

Then he inhabited infinite universes and created infinite universes inside all the other universes so it ranged far and wide, and he felt complete. At this point hes been crafting for an incredibly long time, and there were no more complaints. He was content. But one day while he was sitting in his office in Infinity Hotel on planet Infinity, he got a phone call. "Hi, Frank", they said, "I'm from the past. I heard you had a hotel thats a big deal in your present, would you be able to *hop timelines* and build something like that for our times?"

